.\" Manpage for nounours.
.\" Carmen Alvarez <c@rmen.ca>
.TH man 6 "13 May 2012" "1.0" "nounours man page"
.SH NAME
nounours \- your Linux teddy bear
.SH SYNOPSIS
nounours [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Nounours is a teddy bear with which you can either interact
as a standalone X11 app, or use as a screensaver, integrated
with xscreensaver.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.TP 8
.B \-help
Prints the possible options
.TP 8
.B \-theme \fP\fItheme\fP
Use the specified theme.  The theme may be
  default|rainbow|college|robot|random
.TP 8
.B \-screensaver
Used internally by xscreensaver
.TP 8
.B \-window-id \fP\fIwindow-id\fP
Draw to the specified window.  Used by xscreensaver.
.TP
.B \-sleep-after \fP\fItime-in-seconds\fP
After \fItime-in-seconds\fP, nounours will fall asleep.
.TP
.B \-stretch
Stretch the window to fit the screen.
.TP
.B \-rows \fP\fIrows\fP
The window will have \fIrows\fP rows of nounoursen.
.TP
.B \-cols \fP\fIcols\fP
The window will have \fIcols\fP columns of nounoursen.
.TP
.B \-scale \fP\fIscale-factor\fP
Resize the window by \fIscale-factor\fP.  A \fIscale-factor\fP of 1 does nothing.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP 3
To run 6 nounoursen, in a 3x2 grid, scaled to 25% size, using the rainbow theme:
.B nounours\ -theme rainbow -cols 3 -rows 2 -scale 0.25
.TP
To run one nounours in full screen, who will fall asleep after 5 minutes:
.B nounours\ -stretch -sleep-after 300
.SH SCREENSAVER
.P
You will need to add a line to your ~/.xscreensaver file to be able to choose Nounours as a screensaver.  If this file does not exist, run xscreensaver-demo, which will create it.  Then add the following line, after the line which says "programs:"
.P
.B nounours -screensaver -stretch -theme rainbow -sleep-after 300 -rows 3 -cols 6   \en\e
.P
Then restart xscreensaver-demo.
.SH SEE ALSO
xscreensaver-demo(1)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Carmen Alvarez (c@rmen.ca)
